---
layout: post
title: Reviving the Old Pocket PC
date: 2021-11-16 08:58:19
device: Audiovox XV6600
---
I found my old Audiovox XV6600 Pocket PC in storage a few weeks ago and have been trying to get it back in working order.

As you can imagine, the original battery had ballooned after 15 years in a box, but after a quick eBay adventure I was able to get a replacement fairly quickly. Surprisingly, that was all it needed to get working again!

Not exactly the sexiest of devices, I loved this little guy when I first got it. A gift from my uncle for helping him with some technical stuff at work, I used every part of the proverbial buffalo for years.

Class notes, scheduling, (delayed) emails... it was like night and day when compared with the flip phone I had before. That said, it wasn’t all sunshine and roses. Memory was at a premium, so a dead battery meant that my contacts, calendars, and everything else were lost until I could sync to my computer again, and since I couldn’t afford a wifi module or bluetooth dongle, the web browser was effectively useless.

But that wasn’t the point. As a budding professional nerd, there was something magical about having a computer in my pocket. And as much as my friends teased me for having such a "huge phone," I couldn’t care less. It felt like having a sneak preview of the future (a future where the phones were twice the size of my humble Pocket PC).

It's been a few days now, and so far it gives me the same feels that it used
to, but now I can appreciate the quirks more. Thanks to a collection of old
dongles and wifi modules, I’ve got it on the internet (something that is
impressively usable thanks to Opera Mini 5.1 [[http://m.opera.com]]) and have it syncing with my old Windows XP laptop. Unlike my excursion into LineageOS, I actually have a plan for this thing...

I’m going to use it to manage my technostalgic experiments. The tasks list is great, and I can keep my notes in context (I'm even writing *this* on it). Most importantly, I can give it a purpose, which means it won’t be languishing in a box anymore.

Now all I have to do is get some email set up and get tapped into the retro computing scene with a little more gusto.

